alright okay I also get so you know I'm
not going to make a turkey this year
what well Stephen doesn't eat turkey
baby turkeys are beautiful intelligent
animals no they're not they're ugly and
stupid and delicious pasta eating them
is like the tradition you know it goes
back to the very first Thanksgiving when
the Indians sat down with the Cowboys oh
right that's when they had that big
rodeo slim it's raw all right guys you
help me with the dishes there's a lot of
pots and pans
oh honey yeah I'd love to but like games
mistakes oh yeah the second game what
football for the Biebster
my plan los angeles OS to my check los
angeles didn't the other football team
that's a los angeles black meant the
team that used to be in Los Angeles and
is now in st. Louis
I actually knew that quick name three
players on that team Gretzky Agassi I'm
a pretty little girl